WIP: Document how Packit team kanbanz (#531)
packit/agile: docs/roles.md

## Product Owner

The role of the Product Owner is here to represent the user perspective and make sure the work being done by the team benefits our users. They also define the vision and high-level architecture of the project. The main liaison with stakeholders and consumers.

## Technical Leader

A technical leader understands the project and all its parts to an extent to be able to make technical decisions or drive the team to make them in a timely and reasonable manner. Responsible for the technical solution being scalable, efficient and secure. Works with PO on breaking down epics into smaller tasks. Responsible for tracking the development status and making sure things go hand in hand with the quarterly plans.

> ## Weekly roles

Reviewer: `Chief of monitors` is missing, can you please add it?

## Weekly roles

Here are the roles that are rotated each week.
(Check [this page](./weekly-roles) for the automation we use for it.)
The specific tasks are defined in the form of [issues](https://github.com/packit/agile/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Aroles).

:::note

This is our specific and currently used setup tweaked to our needs and the current number of team members.
We update this now and then, but the basic structure and idea stay the same.

:::

### Service Guru

This person is responsible for a weekly deployment of Packit service and other related activities (e.g. a blog post).

### Community Shepherd

Community Shepherd is present on our communication channels and available to help people or forward questions to other team members.

### Release Responsible

The person who does the releases of our projects (both on GitHub and in Fedora).

> ### Chief of monitors

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Chief of Monitors
```

> The person responsible for checking the state of the service via metrics and Sentry alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The person responsible for monitoring the state of the service via metrics and alerts (from Sentry or Prometheus).
```
